OK walk into this first exercise video in this section in this exercise we're going to be looking at
concatenate substring upper and lower functions.
So the first exercise is to concatenate the film names and length from the films table and then the
second exercise is to extract the customer's email from the fifth character on what's the third exercise
is to select the customer's first name and lowercase and their last name and uppercase for each customer
with the last name of Smith.
The fourth exercise is to select the last three letters of each film name from the films table and then
the final exercise is to concatenate the first three letters in the first name and last name columns
together from the Customers table.
So have a go at answering each of these exercises and then the next video there'll be a solution to
each rung.